\"
\"  Copyright 2014 James Hunt <james@niftylogic.com>
\"
\"  This file is part of arpscan.
\"
\"  arpscan is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
\"  under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
\"  the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
\"  (at your option) any later version.
\"
\"  arpscan is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
\"  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
\"
\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
\"  along with Clockwork.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
\"

.TH arpscan "1" "January 2014" "arpscan" "Network ARP Scanner"
.SH NAME
.PP
arpscan \- Network ARP Scanner

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B arpscan
[options]
.br
.B arpscan
-d eth1 -n 192.168.0.0/24

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B arpscan
is a lightweight network scanner that uses ARP requests and replies to
enumerate hosts on a single Ethernet LAN segment.  Given a single
interface device name (like \fBeth0\fR or \fBwlan0\fR) and a network
(in CIDR notation).
.PP
Since \fBarpscan\fR deals with raw Ethernet frames, it bypasses the
Linux kernel ARP cache.  This is deliberate, and helps to keep the
cache clear for legitimate purposes (i.e. passing traffic across the
LAN).

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
.RS 8
Print version and copyright information.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
.RS 8
Increase verbosity.  Information about program flow and internal state
will be printed to standard error.
.PP
One flag (\fB\-v\fR) will get you basic flow control diagnostics.
.PP
Two flags (\fB\-vv\fR) will show more in-depth debugging.
.PP
Five flags (\fB\-vvvvv\fR) will also dump Ethernet frames in hex.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
.RS 8
Suppress all diagnostic output, undoing any \fB\-v\fR in force.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-device\fR \fIDEVICE\fR
.RS 8
Select the network interface to send ARP requests out via.
The named interface should be up and needs a layer 3 (IPv4) address.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-network\fR \fINETWORK\fR
.RS 8
Network range to scan.
.RE

.PP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-timeout\fR \fIMS\fR
.RS 8
Timeout (in milliseconds) before exiting.  When \fBarpscan\fR is
reading ARP replies off the network, it will continue to wait for new
replies for up to this many milliseconds since the last full ARP
reply.
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBarp\fR(7)

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
\fBarpscan\fR was written by James Hunt.
